{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh10400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Why iOS?  Why not android?  Why not both?\
\
iOS holds ~40% of the mobile phone market, with android at ~48%.  For tablets (iPad, Google Nexus, etc.), the market is evenly split.  There is some research that shows that iOS users tend to be more active on their devices ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.experian.com/blogs/marketing-forward/2013/05/28/americans-spend-58-minutes-a-day-on-their-smartphones/"}}{\fldrslt link}}).  Okay, from these numbers looks like a tie - you could choose either platform and reach about the same number of users. \
\
The Android platform has a large number of operating system versions that should be targeted to reach a reasonable number of users ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/about/dashboards/index.html"}}{\fldrslt link}}).  iOS, by comparison has just 2 active operating systems to target.  Less is more here - the fewer OSes you have to target, the faster and cheaper your development cycle is going to be.  If you look at that link, you'll see that Android users do not update there OSes very often - 35% are using an OS that was released in 2011.  The latest iOS version, 6.0, has a 93% adoption rate and iOS 5 has a 6% adoption rate.  Even if you supported only one version of iOS 6.0, you'd reach nearly all of your users. \
\
There is a huge variety of screen sizes, pixel densities, across the various Android devices (~4,000 different models).  Apple has three basic screen sizes and two pixel densities.  This matters, because when you are designing your app you want to focus on the important stuff - what does this app actually do, rather than on why you can't get your images aligned correctly on the HTC 7" tablet.  Apple provides a consistent look-and-feel across all devices; images on the iPhone look the same as those on the iPad.   This is often not the case across Android devices and chasing down inconsistencies can be costly.\
\
At the beginning of any software project, you know the least about what the final product will look like.  It is super important that money and time is spent efficiently.  The iOS and Android market shares are nearly equal, but iOS offers some real advantages, especially initially.  My advice is to start with an iOS version of your app and learn as much as you can about the app before attempting an Android version.\
}